Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
When I was a girl.
my father told me the myth
of the fish and the dragon.
How we were all born lowly fish.
but if you worked hard enough.
you could transform into a dragon.
But that...
was a lie.
Because Hong Kong
is a city of bloodlines.
Your family.
your standing.
your status is set.
And if you threaten their empire...
they'll destroy you.
Hi.
Cola. it's Carrie.
Hope you've settled in
and not too jetlagged.
Today's gonna be fun.
Come by my house
and we'll leave from here.
I can't wait for you to meet
all the Hong Kong players.
But today's about the Hexts.
Impress them and you'll have
made it in Hong Kong.
Ah. Cola!
Thanks for coming over.
Uh... two green juices.
Carrie. I'm so excited
to be in Hong Kong.
This is the biggest opportunity of my life
and it's all thanks to you...
So sorry.
Two Qs are coming in
and we're rebalancing
our clients' portfolios.
Uh. meeting you in Chicago
was so great.
So great!
Like. you knew about my firm and me.
I'll do whatever it takes
to get the full-time offer.
Darling. survive The Season
and you'll have offers from everyone.
The Season?
Short for the boating season.
Where Hong Kong royalty
decides who of us ascends
and who is stuck here.
I'll be your sponsor
for the best party of them all.
You have one chance
to make an impression.
I brought some options.
Beautiful.
Beautiful. beautiful.
They won't do.
I like your earrings. though.
Vintage Dior?
Oh. nothing that fancy.
they're just the nicest thing
my dad ever gave me.
You can't put a price on sentiment.
As for the rest...
Vonnie. bring me something appropriate
in a size two.
four. and a...
six just in case.
Oh. no. no. Carrie. It's too much. I...
I'm happy to.
Okay. let's get ready.
Can't be late or we'll end up
on some second tier banker's boat.
Barclays is someone's name.
not an institution.
Anything else I need to change?
Just be yourself.
They're going to love you.
With a few upgrades.
Um... thank you.
We demand perfection.
Everything must be clean.
polished. spotless.
Go easy on them. Gloria.
They should be having fun.
-Yes. ma'am.
-Hello. Jon.
Excited for our maiden voyage?
Bring on the Bacchanalia.
And what scintillating information.
will you be regaling to our guests?
Diversify your risk.
Great small talk. Dad.
See? Someone is in the right spirit...
and outfit.
I love The Season.
And the fact you dragged me back
from holiday for it.
-I'll go change. Is that what you want?
-Mmhmm.
Everything set for today?
Sir.
Christopher?
I need this summer to work.
Everything will be fine.
Come along. then.
Now. watch and learn.
One false move and you're out.
I thought you were in Saint-Tropez.
Europe's a sauna.
Global warming is so inconvenient.
Yeah. tell me about it.
AC bill's killing my bottom line.
And. you know. the environment. Whatever.
-Hi.
-Ah. Andrew Fung. Cola Pierce.
Top of our class in Economics
and tacked on a maths degree
because she's a masochist.
Oh...
So. like the hotter
and younger version of you?
A pig as always.
Andrew's family's in the hotel business.
Motels... in the mainland.
So how'd you end up
working for Hong Kong's
tenth-best wealth manager?
I'm a summer associate.
but hoping for a full-time position.
Well. caveat emptor.
this one is a very fickle mistress.
Andrew. here comes your manners.
Oh. my God. Who is this beautiful lady?
Nikita.
Niki. my lovely wife.
This is Cola.
Carrie's. um. summer associate.
Well. we should probably
throw her a few mil. though.
before. uh. Fiona does
this no work embargo.
I like the rule. A day off from business.
Darling.
Every day is a day off from business.
Nikita's family owns the harbor club.
The most exclusive membership in the city.
They're almost as wealthy as the Hexts.
who they've been rivals with forever.
Yet they all still hang out?
Of course. This is Hong Kong.
Ahoy! Is that Andrew Fung?
-Jay and Sara Byford.
-From Melbourne.
-We met at the Tatler Ball.
-You were wearing a Tom Ford jacket.
Yeah. I was.
Yeah. good to see you.
This is Christopher and Fiona Hext's boat?
We come bearing gifts.
Eyxium Vodka. our own brand.
A crystal in every bottle...
You know what?
I love that for you. Excuse me.
Yeah. yeah. no. we'll link up.
Ladies and gentlemen. if it isn't Hong
Kong's most eligible bachelor. David Ho.
Yet. you didn't even hire me a real band.
No. come on. I'll leave
the theatrics to the. uh. hostess.
Welcome to The Season!
-Hello.
-G'day.
Ahoy there.
All aboard.
Yeah!
-Hello. Carrie.
-Hi.
Ahoy!
I wonder what Fiona
will surprise us with this year.
Oh. Carrie.
it's so great to see you.
You too.
Hello. Carrie. Good to see you.
Oh. a fresh face. How wonderful.
Thank you so much for having me.
The more the merrier...
if you're on the list. that is.
You're American. I take it?
How can you tell?
Oh. just your industrious spirit?
Oh. David.
How are you?
I'm so sorry.
Who are all these people?
Bankers. lawyers. socialites.
-Good to see you.
-The rich and the beautiful.
Speaking of...
Oh. God. no. That's Matthias.
Ignore. He's just a personal trainer.
And. uh. what about our hosts?
Christopher's family practically
invented colonialism
and Fiona's old Hong Kong money
that bolstered the empire.
They look nice.
They'll judge you on every look.
comment. and interaction.
One slip up and you'll be
excommunicated forever.
Sounds like a lot of work.
This is not work. this is war.
And I'm here to get more
of their business.
So. not to spend time
with Hong Kong's most eligible bachelor.
David is. um. Christopher's lawyer.
His family's firm.
Advises all the blue chippers.
And he's single.
Just got divorced.
-So he's back on the market.
-I'm gonna get a drink.
Miss Pierce?
This is a private event.
Sorry.
You seem to know my name.
but I haven't caught yours.
I hope you enjoy the party.
You looking
to get your pilot's license?
You know I can barely drive my own car.
Shame.
Well. if you're not gonna drive.
how about a drink?
I think I'll hold off for now.
No need for small talk then.
How are things since the divorce?
Couldn't be better.
You're a terrible liar.
Like your dad?
You and Lian were together for what?
13 years?
-15.
-Hmm.
Spend that much time
with someone and then...
Maybe I will have that drink then.
-Old fashion. extra cherry. Mr. Ho?
-Thank you.
It's a good party trick.
Hmm.
And you?
How is your Season going?
Beginning.
I've got a lot on my mind.
You know. David.
this summer is a chance
for you to define yourself anew.
To show us all what you really are.
All I want this Season is to feel normal.
Dear boy...
There is nothing normal about anyone here.
Chef. is that ready? Okay. great.
I need two more of those. Come on.
Serve this one outside. Perfect.
Cheers!
I think our boat needs a remodel.
Another year of dry dock.
The day you buy and day you sell...
The day of the party.
-Yes.
-How are your beautiful children?
Oh. boisterous.
Think I need a vacation from them.
Any chance the Percy's going to market?
You know the rules. dear.
What. it's not business.
It's just a friendly chat about
your husband's beautiful hotel
that I plan to purchase.
Who's that?
Madeline.
The grieving widow?
She moved to Bali after.
You've heard the rumors.
You know... she's not coming here. Right?
No. no. no.
I'm pretty sure she's just looking for
another yacht in the middle of the ocean.
Apologies for the delay.
we have a surprising development.
That's right. my niece.
You know how much
this summer means to me
and you still brought Madeline.
Come on. darling.
I can't believe you invited her.
I already curated the list.
We don't need more rumors.
She's family.
So you're just
making decisions yourself now?
But we're a team.
A team? You haven't even spoken
to Alison about last year.
Your condition. as you call it.
That's why I brought her back.
I need everything to be perfect
before I tell her.
Still getting my sea legs.
I always like to take the opportunity
to swim with my food before catching it.
It's more humane.
The fish must thank you.
Hi. Auntie.
We're going for a swim.
Ladies.
So. Fiona is your aunt?
You're a curious one.
You must be new to Hong Kong.
First time here. uh. but I'm half Chinese.
Oh. so you're not really Chinese.
It's a compliment.
You escaped the trauma
of an Asian upbringing.
This doesn't look so bad.
People here live in a bubble
where everything is shining.
even though they're dying inside.
And if you have the gall
to leave the bubble.
well. you're the crazy one.
Crazy to me is being stuck
in small-town Michigan.
taking a nine to five you hate.
projecting your every
disappointment onto your daughter.
That's not the life for me.
Then I hope you get the life you deserve.
Look sadder. I dare you.
Lian just texted me.
-Oh no.
-My son's missing his stuffed tiger.
Oh. that sounds so hard.
-So?
-Hmm?
Which one of these beautiful women
is Hong Kong's
most eligible bachelor gonna fuck?
How do they even decide that?
Oh. my God.
I expect a tin of caviar and the IGs
of all your body count as thanks.
It's not a game. Andrew.
It's all a game. David.
To see who can get the most.
That's why my dad wanted to betroth me
to a tycoon's daughter.
And you love her. And your kids.
-Yes. I do.
-Hmm.
Which is why you get to be the one
creating scandal this summer.
I only moved out six months ago.
Uh-huh.
I kept thinking Lian
was gonna give me another chance.
And she didn't.
So... sow your oats!
Who you got your eyes on?
I don't know. I mean...
Maybe Carrie?
She's over 26. Pass.
I mean. what about...
Okay. what about her summer project?
Um. uh. what's her name? Uh...
-Cola.
-Yes.
Dumb name. great body.
Where the hell is she?
What are you doing
in Mrs. Hext's quarters?
Sorry. just looking for the shower.
This way.
Fiona.
I can't believe you. You came.
Not here. Stop.
Nikita's busy.
so I think we have time for a quick fuck.
People can always tell after sex.
And don't say her name.
Duly noted.
-You wanna get caught?
-Uh-huh.
-You wanna lose your Board seat?
-Yeah.
You wanna get kicked out
of Daddy's company?
Okay. just. shh. Just keep going. please.
Scared? Hmm?
No. I'm just...
not much of an exhibitionist.
Yeah. I can see that.
Well.
♪ Hay cosas que no logro comprender
No consigo lo que consiguen otros ♪
♪ Todo in ten to hacer bien
Auque errado suele ser ♪
Lunch at Lamma
has nothing to do with the food.
What matters most is where you sit.
Everyone's jockeying to get close
to the crown. and watch your tone. Cola.
Say something wrong and you're out.
♪ Al reves Vocabajo estoy ♪
♪ Marcha atras No se a donde voy ♪
Oh. excuse me. my love.
but that seat's for my daughter.
Making a play. I admire that.
You want something. don't you?
I'm sure everybody
wants something from your family.
Hmm. indeed.
Actually. Madeline.
why don't you sit with my mom?
I'm sure you ladies
would love to catch up.
I thought you knew I was coming.
Of course I knew.
Auntie. I...
Nikita and Andrew. have you met Madeline?
-No. Hi.
-No. can't say I have.
I have to whisper. but congratulations
on landing Jackson Wong's business.
It's a new relationship.
Which is worth how much?
She's being too modest. It's eight figures.
Whoa. that's Carrie for you.
Smartest person in the room.
but she'll never tell you.
Have you guys worked together before?
Uh. David and I both
do business with the Hexts.
A lot of late nights at the office.
We struck up quite the friendship.
Yeah. Friends.
-Whoa!
-Oh. wow!
Wow! Wait. look at that!
How do you eat it?
Uh. excuse me. everyone.
I'd like to thank our hosts.
Christopher and Fiona.
who as we all know. caught. cleaned.
and cooked the meal
we're about to have in front of us.
I had this sent from home.
Thought we could all share it.
-54 DRC.
-Ooh.
A humble wine for a humble meal.
What do you think?
Anyone we should worry about?
This one.
I wouldn't think much about her.
Heyo!
A prize.
The last glass of this magnificent wine
for the worst travel story.
-Ooh.
-I shall begin.
Back when I was still flying scheduled.
there was an emergency on the plane.
A woman is giving birth.
not a doctor in sight.
She learns that her child was a boy
and I learned how ineffective
airplane napkins are for placenta.
Well. I was in a roadshow in 2018.
and. uh. the airline lost my bags.
So three days later.
they delivered what I think is my suits.
When I open it up. uh. it was full of...
BDSM gear.
Oh!
Gags. handcuffs. and. uh. whips.
-But was it your luggage?
-I thought you said no work talk.
My private jet to Riyadh
had to circle for three hours
and they couldn't serve alcohol.
being in Saudi airspace.
So I had to get MBS on the phone.
explained there'd be mutiny
if they didn't open the champagne.
-I hope you saved the number.
-I did.
-Okay. well. I've got...
-I have a story.
-Yeah?
-My family and I
snuck out of our home
in Bosnia when the war began.
We took refuge in the hull
of a tugboat for two weeks.
But my uncle...
My uncle did not make it in time.
They...
dragged him out to the square...
That must've been so hard.
Thank you for sharing.
How did you get through...
Well. sounds worse than my ball and gags.
Let's call it a tie.
Between Andrew and our survivor.
All yours.
I won.
-I'm sorry.
-Good job.
-Cheers.
-Cheers!
-Cheers. cheers.
-Cheers.
What a terrible story.
Thank you.
Unfortunately. it taught you nothing.
so here's a lesson.
Guests who lack etiquette
take the ferry home.
Hey.
I messed up. didn't I?
Crossing Fiona?
You won't be invited back.
Is there anything I can do?
Be polite.
Enjoy your last supper.
If you don't belong in this world.
maybe I don't either.
Because you'll just end up at Artifact Bar.
sipping martinis alone again.
wishing someone would just walk in
and whisk you away.
Could everyone move below deck
for a special surprise?
Okay.
Surprise.
I'm back!
Please take a seat.
I'd like to thank you all
for joining us today.
Before The Season began.
my husband asked me how I felt.
Frankly. it's hard for me
to find the words.
If anyone
could help me answer that question...
♪ I'm feeling good ♪
♪ Birds flying high. you know how I feel ♪
♪ Sun in the sky. you know how I feel ♪
♪ Blossom on the tree
You know how I feel ♪
♪ It's a new dawn ♪
♪ It's a new day ♪
♪ It's a new life ♪
♪ For me ♪
♪ And I'm feeling good ♪
Ladies and gentlemen.
Hong Kong superstars.
Anson Lo and Marf Yau!
Ah! I love this!
♪ Stars when they shine ♪
♪ You know how I feel ♪
♪ Scent of the pine ♪
♪ It's a new dawn ♪
♪ It's a new day ♪
♪ It's a new life ♪
♪ It's a new life for me ♪
♪ And I'm feeling good ♪
♪ I feel so good ♪
Thank you. Thank you. my dear.
Thank you.
You are all so dear to me.
I feel so fortunate
to have this community.
It's truly my most treasured possession.
Thank you.
Excuse me. I wonder if you could help me.
We missed each other on the dance floor.
Hmm. There are a lot of people.
Not as fun as me.
-Did you see my earrings? Because I...
-No.
Whatever your sin is. Matthias provides.
I can't find them.
I have my ring and my earrings.
What's the matter?
Nothing. it's fine.
-Gloria?
-Miss Pierce's earrings went missing.
What did they look like?
Jade with some silver.
But it's fine really. I don't wanna...
Nonsense.
Our new guest. Cola.
has lost something very dear to her.
The case of the missing jade earrings.
A prize for whoever finds them.
-A bottle of our vodka.
-Yeah.
Tickets to my concert.
Don't worry. darling.
The boat's not that big.
We've searched every inch of the ship.
I will not let our maiden voyage
be soiled. Jon.
The staff are clean.
Should we check the guests?
Check the staff again.
Hey.
I'm the person who went
to the greatest party ever
and ruined it.
Or gave it a much-needed shake up.
Might be hard to believe.
but these things.
they can get a little stuffy.
What do I do now?
Why do you care so much?
Stop worrying about
what other people think
or you're just gonna be worrying forever.
You should go to Artifact tonight.
Carrie will be there.
She likes martinis.
Thank you.
Cola who ruined the party.
You're welcome.
David who just got divorced.
I appreciate everyone's
tireless help in the search.
No luck yet. but tomorrow's a new day.
I'm sure they'll turn up.
They're a family heirloom.
Oh. don't worry. Carrie.
Heirlooms can be replaced.
Everything can be replaced.
Oh. have you found a new husband already?
Wow. babe. come on. We're all annoyed.
Why are you directing it at her?
-You're taking her side?
-Hey. Why don't you guys just relax. okay?
You wanna be involved in another
domestic dispute. David?
-Have a glass of water. Andrew.
-I'd rather get off this fucking boat.
Andrew. That is enough.
Let's just all relax.
You started this. right?
Why'd you have a go at her for?
Excuse me!
I need to thank everyone here.
You all care so much about each other.
Even me. a stranger.
I'm so sorry I created this situation.
This is now my worst travel story.
Let's all have a drink.
Right. here we go. All right. guys.
this is Eyxium Vodka.
Ciao. ciao.
-Ciao. ciao.
-Bye.
I'd like to thank you all
once more for coming.
We do have a flair for the dramatic here.
We've got a great summer ahead of us.
Bye.
Glad you came. Sorry it didn't go better.
It's okay.
What an unforgettable
introduction to Hong Kong.
You're all such lovely people and I'd love
to get to know you much better.
Of course. my dear.
I hope Carrie brings you
to the races next week.
We've got surprises in store.
I look forward to it.
Madeline.
I'm sorry about what I said.
What happened to your husband
was a tragedy. of course.
I'm just glad someone addressed
the elephant on the boat.
Do you want
Hong Kong to welcome you back?
I'd like you to join the social committee
at the Harbor Club.
Your auntie's the chairwoman.
I'd love to. but I'm only in town briefly
for some legal matters.
Oh. We're all on a lot of committees.
yet we make it work.
You do.
Perfect. I'm adding you to the committee.
I look forward to working
very closely with you all summer.
-What was that about?
-Oh. nothing.
Thank you so much.
Wonderful as always.
Allison.
-Goodbye.
-Good to see you.
Gloria. Tala. shall we?
Guess who got the okay
to come to the next party?
I apologize about your jewelry.
Miss Pierce.
-Uh...
-If you take down my number.
I can let you know if they turn up.
-Thank you.
-Allow me.
Jon Kim.
No H.
The Hexts appreciate your discretion.
What was that about?
I guess I made an impression.
-I got invited back.
-Wonderful news.
Calls for a drink and a strategy session.
Is it okay if we rain check?
It's been an emotional day
and I'm still jetlagged.
Of course.
I'll see you at the office tomorrow.
Bright and early.
♪ A storm is coming ♪
♪ Desire burns ♪
♪ A war is calling ♪
♪ The tides are turned ♪
♪ Empires rise ♪
♪ Empires fall ♪
♪ We live or die ♪
♪ To take the throne ♪
♪ Empires rise ♪
♪ Empires fall ♪
♪ We live or die ♪
♪ To take the throne ♪
♪ Only one will stand at the end of it all ♪
Someone here
has been looking into my past.
We just need to find out who.
♪ Empires rise ♪
♪ Empires fall ♪
♪ We live or die ♪
♪ To take the throne ♪
♪ Only one will stand at the end of it all ♪
ID.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today